Update kinesis-ingestion.md (#11767)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/kinesis-ingestion.md

|`lateMessageRejectionPeriod`|ISO8601 Period|Configure tasks to reject messages with timestamps earlier than this period before the task was created; for example if this is set to `PT1H` and the supervisor creates a task at *2016-01-01T12:00Z*, messages with timestamps earlier than *2016-01-01T11:00Z* will be dropped. This may help prevent concurrency issues if your data stream has late messages and you have multiple pipelines that need to operate on the same segments (e.g. a realtime and a nightly batch ingestion pipeline).|no (default == none)|
|`earlyMessageRejectionPeriod`|ISO8601 Period|Configure tasks to reject messages with timestamps later than this period after the task reached its taskDuration; for example if this is set to `PT1H`, the taskDuration is set to `PT1H` and the supervisor creates a task at *2016-01-01T12:00Z*, messages with timestamps later than *2016-01-01T14:00Z* will be dropped. **Note:** Tasks sometimes run past their task duration, for example, in cases of supervisor failover. Setting earlyMessageRejectionPeriod too low may cause messages to be dropped unexpectedly whenever a task runs past its originally configured task duration.|no (default == none)|

> |`recordsPerFetch`|Integer|The number of records to request per GetRecords call to Kinesis. See 'Determining Fetch Settings' below.|no (default == 4000)|
> |`fetchDelayMillis`|Integer|Time in milliseconds to wait between subsequent GetRecords calls to Kinesis. See 'Determining Fetch Settings' below.|no (default == 0)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`recordsPerFetch`|Integer|The number of records to request per call to fetch records from Kinesis. See [Determining fetch settings](#determining-fetch-settings).|no (default == 4000)|
|`fetchDelayMillis`|Integer|Time in milliseconds to wait between subsequent calls to fetch records from Kinesis. See [Determining fetch settings](#determining-fetch-settings).|no (default == 0)|
```
suggest link instead of "below"; suggest using Engilsh instead of code `GetRecords`. (I realize that was existing). If you keep it, it should be in code `GetRecords`.

Reviewer 2: This suggestion looks like a safe bet. Let's commit and merge. 

This was a good catch, @v-vishwa.
